have you ever heard this term I hate
this term I hate it but I heard it a lot
growing up not from my family but I've
heard it from other families or teachers
or bad coaches and this was the term hey
Bo don't put all your eggs in one basket
you ever heard that term that term is a
huge mistake
that term is a joke don't ever say that
to your kids don't ever say that to
anybody
everyone always is making is trying to
make you or your kids have a soft
cushion to fall on so they always say
hey don't put all your eggs in one
basket right I see you know what I say I
say put all your eggs in one basket and
you better take care of that basket you
better Shepherd that thing for the rest
of your life because that's the only way
anything great can come into existence
we have too many options people who know
the people who have achieved the people
that you respect the most like think of
them think of the occupations or the
people that you idolize that you respect
their occupation you respect what they
do day in and day out think of them
right now for me it's Navy SEALs Army
Rangers firefighters the elite athletes
the best of the best the ones you can't
take your eyes off what do all of them
have in common they have no options
there's zero options they do one thing
they do it well just like a racehorse
just like the thoroughbred racehorse
you've heard me talk about before they
have no options these race horses they
run fast they do one thing they run fast
they don't get distracted they're not
looking around they're not going to the
grocery store they run fast put all your
eggs in one basket that's what I say
and then you better take care of that
basket because you start to give
yourself outs and options and guarantee
human nature will have you opt for the
lesser obstacle will have you opt for
that basket it's like it's like I tell
my kids I go if you have a if you have a
plan B then plan a is never gonna work
if you have a plan B Plan A never works
out because you'll opt for Plan B
because it's easier no plan B's in my
life no all my eggs are in one basket
and then I Shepherd that sucker all the
way into existence that is what I want
you to do do that with your kids do that
with your dream do that with your
business you don't need a soft cushion
look if you carry in the basket like
this and it doesn't work out for you
what happens to that basket it falls all
the eggs break you put all your eggs in
one basket and now where are you where
are you
you got broken eggs right you pick them
back up you get back going you know like
oh if this doesn't work out for me I can
always fall over to do this or I can
always settle and do this put all your
eggs in one basket
take care of the basket get rid of the
options options are killing this country
options are killing the production of
you and everybody around you less
options streamlined all the way just
like the occupations that you love
what's a Navy SEALs option what's their
option they're being dropped in right
say that being dropped into Afghanistan
somewhere that guy I think they got a
bunch of option it's like hey guys what
do you think we should do think we
should vote on whether we're gonna go
achieve this mission or do you think
maybe we should stop for lunch or you
think maybe I could get on Facebook for
a little bit they don't do that
firefighters don't do it elite athletes
don't do it the people you admire the
most do not have options
get rid of your options watch your
production go through the roof
see you next time